the wasteland is also filled with
valuable scrap that lets you forge new
weapons upgrade armor and make powerful
improvements to the magnum opus
providing you with the strength to
continue fighting effectively those with
resources rule the wasteland
and screwed us and his war boys are the
ones in control
you
we can see that one of our allies is in
trouble let's give him a hand we first
need to eliminate the lookout to make
sure he doesn't call reinforcements the
throwing knives will take him out
silently
Just Cause 3 pre-order now to secure the
exclusive weapon back at e3 you remember
the regards of this post but they'll
notice that they're not here anymore
so already we're seeing some variation
in the mission but that said it does
look like there are two soldiers heading
this way no Jeep so let's go ahead and
leave a little surprise for them go on
all right so what do we got here leads
by the base and behind the truck Markham
opry now okay let's take these guys out
first as quietly as possible all right
I'm Tesla and pulls up all right Ryan
let's change up our skills all pellagra
from the left here you guys good to go
all good yeah ready all right here we go
ah
emptied your city was a vial of toxin
and a few threatening words that's how
little the safety you provided with
words
and when the dawn come
when caramelizing ruined then I turn my
gaze to the world beyond man
you